.\" Copyright 2005 IBM (David Safford)
.\"
.\" Written October 2005, David Safford
.\"
.TH slim 4  2005-10 07 "IBM" "TPM Utilities"
.SH NAME
slim \- Simple Linux Integrity Module
.SH DESCRIPTION
SLIM is an LSM kernel module which performs a simple low water-mark
form of integrity mandatory access control. In this model, files are
labeled with the security.slim.level extended attribute, which is 
authenticated by the integrity subsystem call integrity_verify_metadata(),
and the file's hash is authenticated by the integrity subsystem 
call integrity_verify_data().
Values for the level are SYSTEM, USER, and UNTRUSTED. Executable files
can be designated as integrity guard programs with additional labels
for the lower and upper watermarks allowed. SLIM also performs 
a corresponding high water-mark privacy model, with levels
PUBLIC, USER, USER-SENSITIVE and SYSTEM-SENSITIVE.  The value
of a security.slim.level attribute is ascii, in the form
Integrity_Level Privacy_Level [Guard_Low_level Guard_High_Level][UNLIMITED].
A typical system executable will be labeled with "SYSTEM PUBLIC".
An integrity guard process is allowed to remain at Guard_High_Level,
even while reading data labeled as low as Guard_Low_Level.
.br
Processes start at SYSTEM level, or inherit their level from their
parent. Processes are demoted if they read or execute files from
lower levels. Network sockets are by definition UNTRUSTED.
.br
SLIM debugging can be enabled/disabled by writing a '1'|'0'
respectively to /sys/kernel/debug/slim/integrity. 
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 5
.SH FILES
/sys/kernel/security/slim/level
.SH "SEE ALSO"
tc_label(1), level(1), slim(4), evm(4)
.SH AUTHOR
David Safford , IBM T. J. Watson Research Center
