.\" Copyright 2005 IBM (David Safford)
.\"
.\" Written October 2005, David Safford
.\"
.TH tc_label 1  2005-10 07 "IBM" "TPM Utilities"
.SH NAME
tc_label \- apply EVM and SLIM labels to files
.SH SYNOPSIS
tc_label clean [path]
.br
tc_label verify [rpm package name]
.br
tc_label fixup [-s] [path]
.br
tc_label promote [-s] <filename> <slim level> [HASH | MUTABLE] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBtc_label\fP command is used to manipulate EVM and SLIM 
extended attributes on files.
.br
The clean form removes all EVM and SLIM related extended attributes.
.br
In the verify form, the command reads from the specified rpm package
database, or from all rpm packages, and checks the appropriate extended
attributes based on values in the rpm database, and based on the rules
in /etc/slim.conf. This command is useful for checking labels 
of EVM and SLIM on existing systems.
.br
In the fixup form, the indicated path, or all files, are walked, and
if a file does not have at least a level and hmac attribute, these
are initialized strictly from the /etc/slim.conf rules. 
.br
In the promote form, this command can manually specify arbitrary
level values, and optionally apply hash and mutable attributes.
(Selecting the optional MUTABLE flag adds both a hash and mutable
attribute). Note that the SLIM level argument should be enclosed in
double quotes, so that the spaces within its value are not
treated as additional arguments.
.br
The -s options for the fixup and promote commands cause the labeling
to be done only for the SLIM extended attribute, not for the EVM
ones, which is useful for use when SLIM is used without EVM.
.SH FILES
/etc/slim.conf
.SH "SEE ALSO"
tc_label(1), level(1), slim(4), evm(4)
.SH AUTHOR
David Safford , IBM T. J. Watson Research Center
